Reaper
level five upgrade as you guys can see
the electronics are gone that's because
they're back in my Rustler where they
belong but that's not gonna stop me from
doing upgrades and the first upgrade
might be doing is this King heads motor
mount this was donated to me by Eric
which is freaking awesome this thing is
nice guys very nice it also includes
this little part that goes up top to
replace that other piece that goes along
with the one that comes stock so let's
go ahead and stall this thing and the
first thing I'm gonna do is remove the
rear assembly now the rear assembly is
held to the center with four screws two
up top
one here one there and on the bottom one
here and the other one there those
screws out of the way I can just go
ahead and pull off the rear there we go
put some force into it now I'm gonna go
ahead and pull that part out the whole
slipper clutch and of course it's gonna
pull out the bearing that goes right
there so I'll go ahead and push that
back in place now I need to go ahead and
take off the transmission cover which is
held in with one screw that one right
there
I'm also gonna take off the motor play
which is held in with the motor mount
plate screw which is right there pull
that off pull this one out
then this where I can pop right off and
the motor mount plate can slide out now
I can almost get this out but there's
three more screws on the intake off
there'll be this one that one and on the
bottom this one right in the center and
with those removed I can finally go
ahead and pull this out and there is the
stock one so let's go ahead and do a
quick comparison to the king's head
looks pretty much identical but guys
it's just gonna be nice to have this
part be aluminium believe me and yeah a
little nut fell out just in case you
didn't know there's a three millimeter
nut that goes on the top of that this is
different because it has this piece of
plastic that goes through there and that
pretty much works as a way for the screw
to get stuck into so it doesn't slide
right back out it's a good way of
getting a screw to stay into aluminum
without having the use of threading so
let's go ahead and just slide that into
place now I'm gonna go ahead and
reinstall the three screws one on bottom
and then one on each side as you can see
it has been installed and it looks
really good I also really like how they
have their logo right there so next I
need to go ahead and slide this in as
well as a rear assembly and then
reattach those four screws that hold it
all together and the whole rear assembly
has been reattached the chassis now
before I reinstall the motor mount plate
I'm gonna go ahead and attach this to it
yes Reapers very own 3500 millennium
motor this was donated to me by RC guys
100 thanks a ton man this saying looks
magnificent I mean it looks pretty much
new
we just can't have this awesome upgrade
sitting there without a motor attached
to it so I'm gonna go ahead and put on
the plate the pinion gear and install it
oh right Reaper is looking good
especially with that motor mount so
let's go ahead and attach the gear cover
which is held in with one screw right on
top and this upgrade is over with so
thanks again Eric and thank you RC guys
one hundred and that was Reapers level 5
upgrade